Rephrase some explanations and add some missing things (#61)
CloudNetService/website: versioned_docs/version-3.4/commands/players.md

This command kicks the player with the given name.  
If you leave the reason out, the player is kicked without giving any reason.

> The `--force` argument can be used to force kick a player so that the player is removed from all caches

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the `--force` argument is provided the player will not only get kicked from the entire network but also removed from all caches. This might be helpful if a player get's disconnected because of `You are already connected to this network`.
```
